Add `ocr-numbers` introduction (#2608)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/ocr-numbers/introduction.md

# Introduction

> Your best friend Marta recently landed their dream job working with a local history museum’s collections.

Author: Ugh, I copied and pasted it out of the forum post. I think Discourse changes the apostrophes.

Knowing of your interests in programming, they confide in you about an issue at work for an upcoming exhibit on computing history.

> A local university’s math department had donated several boxes of historical printouts, but given the poor condition of the documents, the decision has been made to digitize the text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A local university's math department had donated several boxes of historical printouts, but given the poor condition of the documents, the decision has been made to digitize the text.
```

> However, the university’s old printer had some quirks in how text was represented, and your friend could use your help to extract the data successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the university's old printer had some quirks in how text was represented, and your friend could use your help to extract the data successfully.
```
